Adding docs about mysql and postgres rotator and lambda connector (#14837)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/esc/environments/rotation/aws-lambda.md

---
title: AWS Lambda Rotation Connector
title_tag: AWS Lambda Rotation Connector
meta_desc: The `aws-lambda` connector enables you to rotate credentials inside of a private AWS VPC.
h1: AWS Lambda Rotation Connector
menu:
  esc:
    identifier: aws-lambda
    parent: esc-rotating-secrets
    weight: 1
---

The `aws-lambda` rotation connector enables you to rotate credentials inside of a private AWS VPC. Check out the [Rotated Secrets page](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/) to learn which kinds of credentials can be rotated using Pulumi ESC. See [rotation connectors](/docs/esc/environments/rotation#rotation-connectors) section for more info on why rotation connectors are needed in the first place.

## Prerequisites

> - [Database credentials prepared for rotation](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/db-preparation)

Reviewer: This should have a running database instance in AWS ?

Author: Good point, I will add "a running database instance in AWS"

## Setup Lambda Infrastructure

First, we need to setup infrastructure that will actually call your database and rotate the user credentials.

> The easiest way to do this is to use a template called `esc-connector-lambda-typescript`. You can instantiate a new project from it using either [New Project Wizard](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/pulumi-cloud/developer-portals/new-project-wizard/) or using [Pulumi CLI](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/cli/) by running `pulumi new esc-connector-lambda-typescript`.

Reviewer: The NPW template works only for RDS instances right? We should call this out. 

Ideally this would be something like

1. If you are using RDS, we recommend using the New Project wizard template ....
2. If you have your own database instances, follow these steps:

Author: Ah, yes, that's true, will update this part

The code that runs inside the lambda is open-source for full transparency, feel free to take a look [here](https://github.com/pulumi/esc-rotator-lambdas/tree/main/rotators/aws-lambda).

## Explanation of created environments

If you used the template above, it has already created 2 environments for you to hit the ground running with database credential rotations. Navigate to your Environments page in Pulumi Console and locate the 2 new environments.

The first one is the managing credentials environment, containing managing user credentials for your database and the [OIDC AWS login](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/esc/integrations/dynamic-login-credentials/aws-login/). Make sure to fill in your managing user credentials, using `fn::secret` for the password. Make sure to [restrict access](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/pulumi-cloud/access-management/teams/) to this environment to only admin-level users, to ensure managing user credentials are safe.

> The second new environment contains the rotator itself, referencing the first environment for the senstitive values. Adjust the `rotateUsers` and `database` fields to your values. If you're using a non-default port, you might need to change the actual rotator name after `fn::rotate::` - `mysql` or `postgres`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second new environment contains the rotator itself, referencing the first environment for the sensitive values. Adjust the `rotateUsers` and `database` fields to your values. If you're using a non-default port, you might need to change the actual rotator name after `fn::rotate::` - `mysql` or `postgres`, as the template assumes the database type by its default port.
```
